README.md, before:

# DN Juhaas

![Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-2.25.0.1-blue) ![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-red) ![Nuxt Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/Nuxt_Version-4.0.1-mediumseagreen) ![Deployment Status](https://github.com/branislavjuhaas/dn-juhaas/actions/workflows/nuxtjs.yml/badge.svg)
![DN Juhaas Banner](/readme/banner.png)

## Description

**DN Juhaas** is a personal portfolio and website designed to showcase projects, skills, and professional information of its author, Branislav Juhás. It is built with a focus on a clean user interface, performance, and responsiveness. The project utilizes modern web technologies to provide a seamless and engaging user experience. The content is dynamically managed through Nuxt Studio, allowing for easy and efficient updates.

![DN Juhaas Branding](readme/branding.png)

## Access Point

The DN Juhaas website can be accessed through the following URL:

- [https://juhaas.eu](https://juhaas.eu)

## Setup Instructions

1.  Clone the repository to your local machine.
2.  Navigate to the project directory.
3.  Install the necessary dependencies by running `npm install`.
4.  Start the development server by running `npm run dev`.
5.  The application should now be running on your local machine at `http://localhost:3000`.

## Remarks

This project is a living portfolio and is subject to continuous updates and changes.

---

Since its official integration into the DN Family the DN Juhaas project has proudly embraced the organization's core values of openness, innovation, and philanthropy.

Commit message:

docs: add deployment section to README.md

README.md, after:

# DN Juhaas

![Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-2.25.0.1-blue) ![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-red) ![Nuxt Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/Nuxt_Version-4.0.1-mediumseagreen) ![Deployment Status](https://github.com/branislavjuhaas/dn-juhaas/actions/workflows/nuxtjs.yml/badge.svg)
![DN Juhaas Banner](/readme/banner.png)

## Description

**DN Juhaas** is a personal portfolio and website designed to showcase projects, skills, and professional information of its author, Branislav Juhás. It is built with a focus on a clean user interface, performance, and responsiveness. The project utilizes modern web technologies to provide a seamless and engaging user experience. The content is dynamically managed through Nuxt Studio, allowing for easy and efficient updates.

![DN Juhaas Branding](readme/branding.png)

## Access Point

The DN Juhaas website can be accessed through the following URL:

- [https://juhaas.eu](https://juhaas.eu)

## Setup Instructions

1.  Clone the repository to your local machine.
2.  Navigate to the project directory.
3.  Install the necessary dependencies by running `npm install`.
4.  Start the development server by running `npm run dev`.
5.  The application should now be running on your local machine at `http://localhost:3000`.

## Deployment

Deployed on GitHub Pages, deployed automatically via [GitHub Actions](https://github.com/branislavjuhaas/dn-juhaas/actions/workflows/nuxtjs.yml) on every push to the `main` branch.

## Remarks

This project is a living portfolio and is subject to continuous updates and changes.

---

Since its official integration into the DN Family the DN Juhaas project has proudly embraced the organization's core values of openness, innovation, and philanthropy.
